---
title: "Ben Percifield Resume"
date: 2018-10-15
# tags:
excerpt: "This is my Professional Resume"
---

check it out as a [PDF](/images/Percifield_Resume(1).pdf)

## Role: HusBen
#### Sabbatical 
#### Duration: September 2019 - Present
#### Location: Chicago, Toronto

After many months of discussion, my wife and I decided to move abroad during Summer 2019. This required several trips to explore international job markets in person, which led to me taking a sabbatical from full-time employment.

Now in Toronto, I am actively looking for a role that fits my unique skillset as a content creator, event producer, and Chinese language & cross-cultural expert. Job does not need to include all three areas.
<ul>

<li>Traveled to Hong Kong, Bangkok and Singapore for interviews.</li>
<li>Successfully declined an offer to join a prestigious neuroeconomics laboratory as a research assistant in Singapore. Since it did not meet the salary requirements for a dependents visa I was unable to accept the position.</li>
<li>In October 2019 my wife received a formal offer from her advertising agency to transfer to Toronto. We made the call that moving to Canada was the right move for us.</li>
<li>In the interim I've worked as an Uber delivery biker, sushi waiter, handyman and husband.</li>
</ul>

## Role: Integrated Marketing Project Manager / Event Producer
#### Organization: ChinaWise Business Consulting LLC
#### Duration: September 2017 - September 2019
#### Location: Chicago
<ul>
<li>Incorporated a non-profit, Global Corporate Social Responsibility Foundation (GCSRF),
based on a strategy I developed, dedicated to sparking a groundswell of support in
Chinese corporate culture for sustainability. Hosted a launch event at the United Nations in
New York City on October 30, 2018, including writing all marketing materials, PR releases
and developing the programming.</li>
<li> Founded a new division dedicated to servicing Blockchain clients, including writing press
releases; business development with key cryptocurrency opinion leaders; hosting a
conference at the University of Chicago's Gleacher Center and developing the
programming (presentations and moderated panels); instituted a client's $100,000
Blockchain scholarship at the University of Chicago.</li>
<li>Oversee the business exchange program dedicated to strengthening relationships between
American and Chinese senior executives at large corporations.</li>
<li>Lead the development of custom week-long experiences hosted at American corporations
including Microsoft, Amazon, and United Airlines. Speakers included faculty from Harvard
University, Peking University, and Massachusetts Institute of Technology on topics such as
Customer Experience at Retail, Future Technology, and Big Data.</li>
<li>Craft marketing materials for and execute the Annual Omaha Summit, an event that brings over a hundred Chinese and American business leaders together to discuss investment strategies and Sino-US trade relations prior to taking part in Berkshire Hathaway’s annual shareholders meeting</li>
  </ul>


## Role: Information Disclosure Specialist
#### Organization: Goldwind Science & Technology
#### Duration: July 2016 - June 2017
#### Location: Beijing
<ul>
  <li>Analyzed internal company data and preparing business intelligence reports</li>
<li>Worked in the office of the Secretary of the Board supporting C-level executives'
stakeholder management and communication</li>
<li>Translated and publishing announcements, notices, and reports in accordance with the
Listing Rules of the Hong Kong Stock Exchange</li>
<li>Conducted market research about competitors and Chinese wind power policy</li>
<li>Detail-oriented precise analysis of content to ensure accuracy of information</li>
</ul>
