---
title: "Strategy"
date: 2020-04-27
# tags: Strategy
excerpt: "I enrolled in the Miami Ad School's Strategy & Planning bootcamp. Briefs, ideas, and more will be posted here, thanks for checking it out!"
---

### Decks available on request

## Repair Café Creative Strategy

* **The Background:** A repair café is an event in which people come together to repair household electrical and mechanical devices, computers, bicycles, clothing, etc. These grassroots events are typically organised by a dedicated local non-profit run by "fixer" volunteers, and attendees tend to be older, socially-conscious people who regularly participate. Repair cafés are pop-up events where tools are made available and where local residents can fix their broken goods with the help of volunteers. The repair café movement's objectives are to reduce waste, maintain repair skills and strengthen social cohesion.

* **The Ask:** Raise awareness and increase event attendance for Repair Café Toronto ("RCT")
* **Secondary Ask:** Increase Fixer Volunteer Signups
* **The Challenge:** Break the like-attracts-like, self-reinforcing cycle of volunteers recruiting their friends to help, and dependence on the current, older group of attendees raising awareness through word-of-mouth. We need to find a way to attract a younger crowd to the Repair Café Toronto.
* **Research:** Circular Economy Market Analysis, Social Listening, Video Trawl
* **Insight:** Younger people want to focus their time and effort **on solutions**, not problems
* **Strategy:** Two birds one stone: Increase event attendance & volunteer sign-up in one fell swoop by taking advantage of our current culutral context of the Covid contagion highlighting structural issues in our societies, we can broaden Repair Café's mission to a bigger conversation beyond fixing physical things, to fixing our society: creating a more sustainable ways to live, work, and play.
* **The Idea:** In a world where social media is almost always focused on problems––not solutions––Repair Cafe Toronto can transform from a place to fix broken electronics together, into a gathering place for a younger generation to develop, brainstorm and implement sustainable solutions to "repair" our society. Let's make Repair Cafe Toronto the forum for sustainable action, shifting the narrative from a broken present to a brighter future. 

## Palm Bay Vodka Soda Connections Plan

* **Context**: Palm Bay has long been Canada's market leader for vodka cooler beverages. However, a lasting perception that it is **too sweet** has allowed other brands to gain popularity and consume market space: Nutrl Vodka, Pyur, and White Claw to name a few. How can we take an industry giant and breathe new life into it with Palm Bay's new, premium RTD beverage? Meet Palm Bay Vodka Soda.
* **The Ask:** Drive awareness and trial of Palm Bay's new Vodka Sodas. 
* **The Challenge:** Palm Bay’s stronghold is in sweet RTD liquids that are often associated with being too sweet, juvenile or immature.  
* **Research:** Social Listening, Market/Competitive Analysis, In-depth interviews, Third Party Online surveys
* **Insight:** Palm Bay's target audience is just like its new Vodka Soda: **not as sweet as they seem** 
* **Strategy:** Palm Bay Vodka Soda brands itself as the drink for those who want to taste the beach life during the summer - leaning into branding as *the* not-so-sweet vodka soda.
* **The Idea: Resting Beach Face.** We'll partner with influencers to share their not-so-sweet sides by exciting consumers in the social platforms they live on––Tik Tok, Instagram, and Snapchat. 

### Tik Tok: RestingBeachFace challenge
* Get a LDA tik-tok influencer to create the #restingBeachFace challenge:
* Someone is bugging them
* Roll their eyes & take a sip of Palm Bay Vodka Soda
* Zoom into their headspace: chilling on their inner beach
* Zoom out to them back in their original situation
* Cut video right as they are about to have a witty retort

### Snapchat: BYO BEACH** 
* Snapchat AR Codes printed on the can give you the ability to bring the beach to where you are.

### Instagram: Find Your Beach Roulette Filter 
* Instagram filters that cycle through 15 of the most famous beaches shows her where her inner beach is.

## ScotiaBank Mortgages: By & For Millenials

* **Context**: ScotiaBank, one of the Canadian 'Big 5' banks, is finding it hard to break through the sea of mortgage offers. Scotiabank is exploring differentiating their mortgage onboarding process to find ways of demonstrating how Scotiabank can help you own a home and feel financially secure with your purchase decision via a national advertising campaign.
* **The Ask / Challenge:** Drive market leading consideration during the home buying season with Scotiabank and non- Scotiabank consumers seeking home financing.
* **Research:** Market Analysis, Industry Insights, Competitive Analysis, Consumer Reports
* **Insight:** Digital Natives Don't Trust Financial Institutions for financial guidance - **they trust people**.
* **Strategy:** Develop unique crowdfunding educational experiences for prospective homebuyers to familiarize them with complex financial services, such as mortgages.
* **The Idea:** Invite prospective home buyers to sign up for a special high-yield savings account. The online process of signing up mirrors elements of the mortgage buying process. Not only are we familiarizing them with our services, we're also helping them save up for the largest purchase of a lifetime.

* **The bank account:** A high-yield CD account which matches Scotiabank's mortgage interest rate, such that Scotiabank consumers can save their money to make a difference on a mortgage downpayment. 
* **Online community:** Connects consumer lenders and consumers into one place to provide mortgage guidance, tips & tricks, from customer to customer.
