---
title: "Strategy"
date: 2020-04-01
# tags: Strategy
excerpt: "I enrolled in the Miami Ad School's Strategy & Planning bootcamp. Briefs, ideas, and more will be posted here, thanks for checking it out!"
---

### Decks available on request

## Repair Café Creative Strategy


* **The Background:** A repair café is an event in which people come together to repair household electrical and mechanical devices, computers, bicycles, clothing, etc. These grassroots events are typically organised by a dedicated local non-profit run by "fixer" volunteers, and attendees tend to be older, socially-conscious people who regularly participate. Repair cafés are pop-up events where tools are made available and where local residents can fix their broken goods with the help of volunteers. The repair café movement's objectives are to reduce waste, maintain repair skills and strengthen social cohesion.

* **The Ask:** Raise awareness and increase event attendance for Repair Café Toronto ("RCT")
* **Secondary Ask:** Increase Fixer Volunteer Signups
* **The Challenge:** Break the like-attracts-like, self-reinforcing cycle of volunteers recruiting their friends to help, and attendees skewing older. Find a way to attract a younger crowd to the Repair Café.
* **Research:** Circular Economy Market Analysis, Social Listening, Video Trawl
* **Insight:** People want to focus their time and effort **on solutions**, not problems
* **Strategy:** Two birds one stone: Increase event attendance & volunteer sign-up in one fell swoop by taking advtange of our current culutral context: Covid contagion, by embroadening Repair Café's mission from fixing physical things to intangible things: reimagining a more sustainable society, culture, economy, etc.
* **Creative Output:** In a world full of (discussions around) problems, Repair Cafe (as Toronto's one-stop-shop for Person-to-Person practical sustainable solutions) can be the forum for sustainable action, shifting the narrative from a complex present to a brighter future. 

## ScotiaBank Mortgage Brief: By & For Millenials

* **Context**: ScotiaBank, as one of the Canadian 'Big 5' banks, is finding it hard to breakthrough the sea of mortgage offers, and is looking to differentiate their mortgage onboarding process, looking to demonstrate how Scotiabank helps you own a home and feel financially secure in it via a national campaign.
* **The Ask / Challenge:** Drive market leading consideration throughout the home buying season with Scotiabank and non- Scotiabank consumers seeking home financing.
* **Research:** Market Analysis, Industry Insights, Competitive Analysis, Consumer Reports
* **Insight:** Digital Natives Don't Trust Financial Institutions for financial guidance - **they trust people**.
* **Strategy:** Unique crowdfunding educational experiences which bring people into the bank's processes and increase access to Mortgages.
* **Creative Output:** Three different manifestations: 
* One as a high yield savings account that allows Scotiabank consumers to stake their money in a crowdfunded pot for those looking to make the difference on their downpayment. 
* Secondly, as a consumer looking to make their down payment, using the crowdfunded pot to make the rest of their down payment.
* Lastly, a forum which combines everyone into one place for mortgage guidance, tips & tricks, from customer to customer.

## Palm Bay Vodka Soda Brief

* **The Ask:** Drive awareness and trial of Palm Bay's new Vodka Sodas. 
* **The Challenge:** Palm Bay’s stronghold is in sweet RTD liquids that are often associated with being too sweet, juvenile or immature.  
* **Research:** Social Listening, Market/Competitive Analysis, In-depth interviews, Third Party Online surveys
* **Insight:** Palm Bay's target audience is just like its new Vodka Soda: **not as sweet as they look** 
* **Strategy:** **Resting Beach Face.** Palm Bay Vodka Soda brands itself as the drink for beaches - leaning into branding as *the* not-so-sweet vodka soda.
* **Creative Output:** Connections plan: meeting the consumers where they are on Tik Tok, Instagram, and Snapchat. 

* **Tik Tok**: Get a LDA tik-tok influencer to create the #restingBeachFace challenge:
* Someone is bugging them
* Roll their eyes & take a sip of Palm Bay Vodka Soda
* Zoom into their headspace: chilling on their inner beach
* Zoom out to them back in their original situation
* Cut video right as they are about to have a witty retort

* **Snapchat: BYO BEACH** 
* Snapchat AR Codes printed on the can give you the ability to bring the beach to where you are.

* **Instagram: Find Your Beach Roulette Filter** 
* Instagram filters that cycle through 15 of the most famous beaches shows her where her inner beach is.
